Update readmes for 3.0 (#1875)
eclipsesource/jsonforms: packages/vue/vue/README.md

### Renderer Set

The `@jsonforms/vue` package offers JSON Forms Core bindings based on the composition API.

> These bindings handle the props given to the `dispatch-renderer` and use the JSON Forms Core to determine specialized inputs for many use cases like validation and rule-based visibility. This way it´s possible to create custom renderers or entire renderer Sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These bindings handle the props given to the `dispatch-renderer` and use the JSON Forms Core to determine specialized inputs for many use cases like validation and rule-based visibility.
Using these bindings as a basis it's straightforward to create renderer sets for Vue 3.
```

The `@jsonforms/vue` package offers JSON Forms Core bindings based on the composition API.
These bindings handle the props given to the `dispatch-renderer` and use the JSON Forms Core to determine specialized inputs for many use cases like validation and rule-based visibility.

> Using these bindings as a basis it's straightforward to create renderer sets for Vue 3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using these bindings as a basis, it's straightforward to create renderer sets for Vue 3.
```
